feat(changelog): transactional-email-added-new-iam-permissions-set 2023-04-27 (#1598)
scaleway/docs-content: changelog/april2023/2023-04-27-transactional-email-added-new-iam-permissions-set.mdx

---
title: New IAM permissions set for TEM
status: added
author:

>     fullname: 'Join the #[xxx] channel on Slack.'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    fullname: 'Join the #transactional-email channel on Slack.'
```
